DOC-1688 new Alerts section (#10)
tigergraph/doc-site: home/modules/alerts/pages/directory-traversal-leading-to-privilege-escalation.adoc

= Alert: Directory Traversal leading to Privilege Escalation
:description: TigerGraph's response to CVE-2022-30331.

Type: Security

Original report: Feb 28, 2023

A high severity directory traversal vulnerability has been discovered in versions 3.1.0 to 3.8.0 of the software.
The vulnerability allows an attacker to traverse the file system and gain elevated privileges.

=== Impact

An attacker can exploit this vulnerability to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information and potentially take control of the affected system.

=== Mitigation

This vulnerability will be mitigated in version 3.9.1 and future releases of the software.
We strongly recommend that all users update to the latest version as soon as possible.

> TigerGraph Administrators may also revoke execute LOADING JOB privileges from users xref:tigergraph-server:user-access:role-management.adoc[], until fixes for this issue are in place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TigerGraph Administrators may also revoke execute LOADING JOB privileges from users (see xref:tigergraph-server:user-access:role-management.adoc[]), until fixes for this issue are in place.
```

> TigerGraph Administrators may also revoke execute LOADING JOB privileges from users xref:tigergraph-server:user-access:role-management.adoc[], until fixes for this issue are in place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TigerGraph Administrators may also revoke `EXECUTE_LOADINGJOB` privileges from users xref:tigergraph-server:user-access:role-management.adoc[], until fixes for this issue are in place.
```
